---
date: October 12, 2015
service: 'Techné'
official_version: v0.2.4
---

<h3>Features</h3>
<ul>
<li> You now have the ability to set the Product Attributes to null values on the Product Detail page.</li>
<li> The Save and Cancel buttons now display at all times. You are notified if there is a required field after clicking the Save button.</li>
<li> The Back button now navigates to the top of the page instead of to the last page visited.</li>
<li> The layout of tax overrides on the Product Detail page is updated with a new selector.</li>

</ul>

<h3>Bug Fixes</h3>
<ul>
<li> The attribute types now allow for scientific notation. </li>
<li> You can select any image for the Main Image of a product, not just the first image in the list.</li>
</ul>

________________


<h3>Move to SAP repo</h3>
<p>hybris techne has become a part of the SAP Family. Our extension of bootstrap for creating builder modules on YaaS moved to the SAP github Repositries.</p>

<h3>Product Thumbnails Update</h3>
<p>The Product Thumbnail component is a highly interactive and intuitive component that allows immediate visualiation and contextually relevant actions.  Use for any marketing or merchandising UI where product info must be maniupulated.</p>

<h3>New Loading Spinner</h3>
<p>CSS based spinner to indicate to the user that some information is processing or loading.</p>

<h3>Changes on Techne Website:</h3>s
<h4>Button Group</h4>
<p>Grouped buttons got its own section now on techne website. Button group or segmented buttons are a horizontal control of multiple segments. Each segment is a button, use them to indicate that they are related.</p>
<h4>Tabs and Centered Tabs</h4>
<p>Use Tabs when you need to organize and group information on page while reducing information density. Left aligned tabs are designed to be used within a panel for short content. Centered tabs are designed to be used outside of a panel. They can be used for the overall content of a page or view.</p>
<h4>Cards</h4>
<p>Cards are used to display information in a visual, scannable manner. Use in scenarios when people want to associate a visual with information e.g. a Project or Site, or in association with user accounts where it is helpful to associate an image with a person using the system.</p>
