---
title: 'techne v0.2.41'
date: October 12, 2015
blogger: Jeremy Rawls
layout: internal_post
tags: ['Internal Release Notes']
---

<h3>Move to SAP repo</h3>
<p>hybris techne has become a part of the SAP Family. Our extension of bootstrap for creating builder modules on YaaS moved to the SAP github Repositories.</p>

<h3>Product Thumbnails Update</h3>
<p>The Product Thumbnail component is a highly interactive and intuitive component that allows immediate visualization and contextually relevant actions.  Use for any marketing or merchandising UI where product info must be manipulated.</p>

<h3>New Loading Spinner</h3>
<p>CSS based spinner to indicate to the user that some information is processing or loading.</p>

<h2>Changes on techne Website</h2>

<h3>Button Group</h3>
<p>Grouped buttons got its own section now on techne website. Button group or segmented buttons are a horizontal control of multiple segments. Each segment is a button, use them to indicate that they are related.</p>

<h3>Tabs and Centered Tabs</h3>
<p>Use Tabs when you need to organize and group information on page while reducing information density. Left aligned tabs are designed to be used within a panel for short content. Centered tabs are designed to be used outside of a panel. They can be used for the overall content of a page or view.</p>

<h3>Cards</h3>
<p>Cards are used to display information in a visual, scannable manner. Use in scenarios when people want to associate a visual with information e.g. a Project or Site, or in association with user accounts where it is helpful to associate an image with a person using the system.</p>
