---
date: February 9, 2017
service: 'hybris techne'
official_version: v1.5.5
headline: 'Improvements to the Starter Pages. New Multi-tab Editor Pattern.'
---

### Multi-tab Editor 
<<<<<<< HEAD
The former **Localization Editor** is now renamed to the more generic **Multi-Tab Editor**. You can use the Multi-Tab Editor to collect information with multiple dimensions, such as prices on different currencies and data in different regions.

### Minor improvements
* The Starter Page [Details 1](https://techne.yaas.io/starterpages/details-1.html) now reflects changes for displaying and updating avatar images.
* The header style is now the same for the **Tree** and **Table patterns**.
* The **Tree pattern** now highlights any row when you hover over it with your cursor. 
* The [Tone and voice guidelines](https://techne.yaas.io/Guidelines.html#guidelines-tone-voice) are updated.
* The **Help bubbles pattern** is improved and now appears on top of other elements on the page.
* The padding of the **Static Form Elements** is improved to provide a more compact look.
* The references to the CSS **Icon-Font** file now have a dynamic **hash** to prevent caching issues.
* The **Cards pattern** is updated to display a nicer shadow effect, and looks less "bumpy" when interacting with the cards.

### Deprecated Localization Editor
* The **Localization Editor** is now deprecated. This component's CSS classes are still active but only for the next two releases. Use the new **Multi-tab Editor** from now on.
=======
The **Localisation Editor** has been renamed to the more generic **Multi-Tab Editor**. You can use the Multi-Tab Editor to collect information with multiple dimensions, such as prices on different currencies, data in different regions, etc.

### Minor Improvements
* The Starter Page "[Details 1](https://techne.yaas.io/starterpages/details-1.html)" now reflects changes for displaying and updating avatar images
* The header style is now consistent between the **Tree** and **Table patterns**
* The **Tree pattern** highlights any row on hover
* Our [Tone and voice guidelines](https://techne.yaas.io/Guidelines.html#guidelines-tone-voice) have been updated
* The **Help bubbles pattern** has been improved, now it displays on top of other elements on the page.
* The padding of **Static Form Elements** has been improved to provide a more compact look
* The references to **Icon-Font** CSS file has a dynamic **hash** to prevent caching issues
* Improvement to hover effect on the **Cards Pattern**

### Deprecations
* The old **Localisation Editor** is now deprecated. This component CSS classes are still active but only for the next 2 releases. Use the new **Multi-tab Editor** from now on.
>>>>>>> develop
