# Getting Started

## Install with Bower

The recommended way to integrate techne into your project is by installing all resources with bower. Bower is a package manager for the web, which makes it easy for you to keep track of your project dependencies. If you have bower already installed simply run:  

bower install hyTechne

This will provide you source files ansd precompiled resources at the same time, fitting for each skill level. 

If not, bower requires you first to install nodejs which includes the node package modules (NPM) package manager. After successful installation run:

npm install -g bower

and run 

bower install hyTechne 

afterwards, to get techne. 


## Download

You can also download a pre bundled version of techne here
<div class="page-header row text-center">
    <h1 class="text-center">Download hybris techne</h1>
    <p class="text-uppercase">current version 0.2.0</p>
    <p class="">We have a few options for you to start designing and building with hybris techne fast</p>
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-3 col-md-offset-1 hyDwnlBtns"><a class="btn btn-warning" href="https://github.com/hybris/techne">Download from GitHub</a></div>
    <div class="col-md-3 col-md-offset-1 col-lg-offset-1 hyDwnlBtns"><a class="btn btn-warning" href="/public/release-archive">Download.zip</a></div>
    <div class="col-md-3 col-md-offset-1 col-lg-offset-1 hyDwnlBtns"><a class="btn btn-warning" href="https://libraries.io/bower/hyTechne">Install with Bower</a></div>
</div>
<br />
<div class="row">
    <h3>Licensing Info</h3>
</div>



### Default
Precompiled and minified version of techne ready to grab and use. 

Download Link

### Source Code 
Bundle including Default files and all the source files (LESS/JS) not yet compiled.Ideal for people who love to dig deeper. 
This requires you to use a less compiler.

Download Link

## How to contribute 

So you wrote a new component or fixed a bug in techne? You want to contribute? That’s actually super easy. Just pull our repository from github, make your changes in a feature-branch, push it to origin and create a pull-request to our develop brach. 

https://github.com/hybris/techne

## How to build techne localy

Techne is using Gulp as build system. 

### Installing Gulp 
Gulp requires you first to install nodejs which includes the node package modules (NPM) package manager. 

Then you can simply run 
npm install --global gulp

(Note the —global, otherwise you would not be able to run gulp systemwide) 

### Available Commands

- gulp
Default task that builds all resources (js/less/..) and starts a local server with running watch-task

- gulp dist
Create a prebuilt bundle including zip file for distribution

- gulp build
Build all resources including documentation

- gulp watch
Listen for file changes in src folder for compilation

- gulp styleguide
Build docs

- gulp connect
start server

- gulp setpath
Generate _resource-paths.less file based on settings in config.json to handle file paths correctly. 


Troubleshooting

Should you encounter problems with installing dependencies or running Grunt commands, first delete the /node_modules/ directory generated by npm. Then, rerun npm install.
